Emphasized code is simplified (#10494)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/microservices-architecture/multi-container-microservice-net-applications/rabbitmq-event-bus-development-test-environment.md

> 

Reviewer: do you mind closing the class definition from line 23? Otherwise, GitHub doesn't format the rest of the text properly

## Implementing a simple publish method with RabbitMQ

> The following code is part of a ***simplified*** event bus implementation for RabbitMQ, [**improved in the actual code**](https://github.com/dotnet-architecture/eShopOnContainers/blob/master/src/BuildingBlocks/EventBus/EventBusRabbitMQ/EventBusRabbitMQ.cs) of eShopOnContainers. You usually do not need to code it unless you are making improvements. The code gets a connection and channel to RabbitMQ, creates a message, and then publishes the message into the queue.

Reviewer: I think this paragraph is a bit confusing. My suggestion although I'm still left with some questions...

```suggestion
The following code is a ***simplified*** version of an event bus implementation for RabbitMQ. You don't usually need to code it unless you're making improvements. The code gets a connection and a channel to RabbitMQ, creates a message, and then publishes the message into the queue. To see the full implementation, access the actual code in the [dotnet-architecture/eShopOnContainers](https://github.com/dotnet-architecture/eShopOnContainers/blob/master/src/BuildingBlocks/EventBus/EventBusRabbitMQ/EventBusRabbitMQ.cs) repository. 
```

Author: Yep, I simplified it a bit further.
